Fixed the brokenlinks in lang_java_legacy.md (#2211)
tensorflow/docs: site/en/install/lang_java_legacy.md

# Install TensorFlow for Java

Warning: TensorFlow for Java is deprecated and will be removed in a future

> version of TensorFlow once [the replacement](https://github.com/tensorflow/java) is stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of TensorFlow once [the replacement](https://www.tensorflow.org/jvm) is stable.
```

> version of TensorFlow once <a href=https://github.com/tensorflow/java>the replacement</a> is stable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
version of TensorFlow once [the replacement](https://github.com/tensorflow/java) is stable.
```
